[CoreDNS] Add CoreDNS package (#4064)
elastic/integrations: packages/coredns/_dev/build/docs/README.md

# CoreDNS Integration

> This integration parses logs from [CoreDNS](https://coredns.io/) instances running in kubernetes clusters

Reviewer: CoreDNS is not exclusively run inside of k8s. Will this work outside of k8s environments?

Reviewer: As someone that runs coredns using systemd, I would appreciate a journald input for the package.

I use this in filebeat:

```yaml
- type: journald
  id: coredns.service
  include_matches:
    - systemd.unit=coredns.service
```

fwiw this is my full config https://gist.github.com/andrewkroh/5c86ff646256e50d221fa61e19527a20

## Compatibility

The CoreDNS datasets were tested with version 1.9.3.

## Logs

> 

Reviewer: I think it would be good to handle logs from the [errors plugin](https://coredns.io/plugins/errors/) too. These are often turned on and will be interleaved to stdout.

Author: Done.  DO u have sample Error logs that i can add?

Reviewer: ```
[ERROR] plugin/errors: 2 19-courier.push.apple.com. A: dial tcp 1.1.1.1:853: connect: no route to host
[ERROR] plugin/errors: 2 avs-alexa-18-na.amazon.com. A: dial tcp 1.0.0.1:853: i/o timeout
[ERROR] plugin/errors: 2 ims-prod07.adobelogin.com. HTTPS: read tcp 10.100.8.34:39436->1.0.0.1:853: i/o timeout
[ERROR] plugin/errors: 2 active.vault.service.va.consul. AAAA: read udp 10.100.0.1:39548->10.100.0.1:8600: i/o timeout
```

Logs are from coredns 1.9.3.

> CoreDNS query logs.

Reviewer: Let's link out to the associated CoreDNS plugin like https://coredns.io/plugins/log/.

It should document the log format it expects to receive via a CoreDNS config example. I assume it expected the default format.

It also looks like it can handle logs with some kind of JSON wrapper. Where does this wrapper originate from since it's not native to CoreDNS. Let's document that. I'm assuming this is CRI-O.

Author: The JSON samples were from the filebeat module and yes they are from a k8s cluster.

# CoreDNS Integration

This integration parses logs from [CoreDNS](https://coredns.io/) instances.

## Compatibility

> This integration is designed to read CoreDNS logs running within a Kubernetes cluster or via systemd with logs output to Journald. The CoreDNS datasets were tested with version 1.9.3 and 1.10.0.

Reviewer: I think the preference from the systemd project is to use `journald` (no caps) assuming the rules (see [spelling](https://www.freedesktop.org/wiki/Software/systemd/)) on systemd apply to journald.

```suggestion
This integration is designed to read CoreDNS logs running within a Kubernetes cluster or via systemd with logs output to journald. The CoreDNS datasets were tested with version 1.9.3 and 1.10.0.
```

## Logs

> CoreDNS Query and Error logs.  The integration expects Query logs using the `common` or `combined` Log format explain [here](https://coredns.io/plugins/log/#log-format)

Reviewer: I was thinking something like this (the example config should be formatted as code).

```suggestion
The log data stream expects logs from the CoreDNS [errors](https://coredns.io/plugins/errors/) plugin and the [log](https://coredns.io/plugins/log/) plugin. Query logs from the _log_ plugin can be in either the `common` or `combined` format (see [log format](https://coredns.io/plugins/log/#log-format) for details).

An example configuration with logging enabled is:

. {
  forward . 8.8.8.8
  errors
  log
}
```
